Add the datalad copy-file command (#476)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/usecases/HCP_dataset.rst

      Afterwards, we can create a new dataset to copy any files into:

      .. runrecord:: _examples/HCP-3
         :language: console
         :workdir: usecases/HCP/hcp

         $ cd ..
         $ datalad create dataset-to-copy-to

      With the prerequisites set up, we can start to copy files.
      The command :command:`datalad copy-file` works as follows: By providing a
      path to a file to be copied (which can be annex'ed, not annex'ed, or not
      version-controlled at all) and either a second path (the destination path),
      a target directory inside of a dataset, or a dataset specification,
      :command:`datalad copy-file` copies the file and all of its availability
      metadata into the specified dataset.
      Let's copy a single file from the ``hcp`` dataset into ``dataset-to-copy-to``:

      .. runrecord:: _examples/HCP-4
         :language: console
         :workdir: usecases/HCP

         $ datalad copy-file hcp/HCP1200/130013/T1w/Diffusion/bvals -d dataset-to-copy-to

      Providing the ``-d/--dataset`` argument instead of a target directory or a
      destination path leads to the file being saved in the new dataset.

>       If a target directory or a destination path is given for a file, the copied
>       file will be untracked:
> 
>       .. runrecord:: _examples/HCP-5
>          :language: console
>          :workdir: usecases/HCP
> 
>          $ datalad copy-file hcp/HCP1200/130013/T1w/Diffusion/bvecs -t dataset-to-copy-to
> 
>       Note how the file is untracked afterwards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If a target directory or a destination path is given for a file, the copied
      file will be not be saved:

      .. runrecord:: _examples/HCP-5
         :language: console
         :workdir: usecases/HCP

         $ datalad copy-file hcp/HCP1200/130013/T1w/Diffusion/bvecs -t dataset-to-copy-to

      Note how the file is added, but not saved afterwards:
```
